well howdy there Internet people it's
Bob again so November is national
American history and founders month as
proclaimed by our great president Donald
J Trump now when I first heard this I
had let's just say mixed emotions but I
am warming to the idea I am warming to
the idea we do in fact need to know more
about American history and we do need to
know more about our founding fathers
take some of the mythology out of it so
tonight we're going to talk about George
Washington Thomas Jefferson and Patrick
Henry perhaps three of the best-known
founding fathers George Washington was a
man who believed that he should be a
military commander because he read to
count them to one two books on war the
British Army thought that was a little
silly but George Washington's brother
didn't know the governor so he wound up
getting a commission as a commander and
they stuck him out the middle of nowhere
where he couldn't do any harm then the
French and Indian War popped off and
after what is best described as a
comically one-sided battle George
Washington is forced to surrender to the
French because it gets better because he
is too embarrassed to admit that he
can't read French he just signs the
surrender document which not only
surrendered his forces but also admitted
that he committed war crimes and
assassinated a French diplomat
there is a utterly preposterous idea
that some people some slave owners were
nice to their slaves first that wasn't a
thing even if it was it certainly didn't
apply to George Washington in addition
to the normal beatings and all of the
horrible stuff that went along with it
if you bothered him and you were his
slave he would go out of his way to find
traders from the West Indies to sell you
to so you could never see your family
again
when abolition began there was the
gradual abolition Act of 1780 and
Pennsylvania Washington used loopholes
and technicalities to make sure that
while his slaves weren't freed he would
go as far as to make sure they were
never in Pennsylvania for more than six
months he would take them out of the
state so he could restart the clock
yeah now there are some people who had a
different kind of relationship with
their slaves Thomas Jefferson would be
one of them presumably after the death
of his wife he began a relationship I
don't know what to call it
with one of his slaves who happened to
be her half-sister they had several
children who he raised as slaves
I should also mention that when this
relationship most likely started she was
14 and he was in his 40s Patrick Henry
is best known for saying give me liberty
or give me death but that apparently
does not apply if you are suffering from
postpartum depression which is what his
wife was most likely suffering from
after the birth of their I think sixth
child when he locked her in a cellar for
four years it is believed that without
Liberty she chose death and ended
herself she is buried in an unmarked
grave
this probably aren't the stories you
know about the founding fathers you know
about George Washington's wooden teeth
they weren't with and they were the
teeth of slaves there's a lot of
mythology we had a lot of history wrong
November is normally and still is Native
American Heritage Month I'm going to put
a link in the comments down below to
show that we get those stories wrong too
anyway so happy National American
History and founders and love definitely
look up a little bit about our founders
you might be surprised there's one guy
dr. Rusch who spread yellow fever all
over Philadelphia anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night